listen so the half of it was meant to
premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival
which that got cancelled but the movie
still won Best narrative now it's on
Netflix and considering its cyrano roots
this is like them making up for Ciara
bridges in my opinion with a version
that actually makes sense while also
reminding us that we are the source of
our own house
let me explain so director Alice Wu
actually has her master's in computer
science but then she quit her job at
Microsoft to go make movies and ended up
with a really good one that made it to
Sundance this time around she took her
own backstory and fleshed it out for a
coming-of-age comedy that I personally
would give a junior price to now maybe
even a combo so full spoilers ahead we
follow Ellie who writes papers for her
classmates and has that all the double
guarantee although even the teachers
don't care cuz then they'd have to read
the real stuff from the students can
rise it when I used to sell chocolates
at high school for my own fundraisers
but I even had the teachers lining up
like they did not care if it was a
world's finest my $0.50 a set of $1.00
sounded fine to them this guy Paul then
follows after her and pitches her her he
wants her to write him a letter to give
to the girl of her dreams even though
she's already with another dude Paul
Muntz key second string tight end
football I'm not good with words
you don't say with your man in stats
makes you screwy don't you get screwy no
naw you sounds like yours were already
loose he's that tall puppy like kid in
your class who you know means well but
he was goofing off all the time this man
searched up the definition of plagiarize
in order to accuse her of it his family
is kind of almost Oh big even though
they deal with sausages all day and even
in real life my man's a little goofy he
drink so many milkshakes I just remember
looking at him and there was just like
nothing in the eyes and I was like
Daniel are you okay he was like you know
can we have a bucket on standby you need
a drink ten or twelve milkshakes today
not all heroes wear capes
[Applause]
Elly takes the offer because she needs
the money and she starts a relationship
with this girl asked her as they write
back and forth and Elly starts learning
about herself if I knew what love was I
would quote myself and so we have our
three main leads but I think where it's
very similar as my dad and I did not
develop a relationship with words so
much a lot of times the way we would
connect is we would just sit there and
we would eat food and watch something
together but where again we're very
similar it's like neither of my parents
and I think this is very common in
Chinese culture and probably in other
Asian American cultures is or Asian
cultures we don't say the words I love
you between parent and child that in
Mandarin would be more reserved for like
a lover right what we do is we just do
things for each other
Aster's the dad of the local pastor
who's just pale and pretty enough to fit
in mium would seem to the input for oh
you know it's serious when it's in
Spanish her boyfriend is a Jack of the
town but he's only interested in the
dimple things it's it's always about him
and considering his family owns the town
she starts to get noticed by the mean
girls even though it's the Mean Girls I
make fun of her for not owning her own
house
le then has to teach this man how to
talk Li like a literally out of talk
conversation is like ping-pong I hit one
and then you what but considering Ali's
never been kissed
she's taking notes - how do you know she
wants to be kissed she gives you a look
oh look yeah like um
Astra Nellie eventually spend the day
together and the two get to know each
other better as a strategist or how to
feel before Paul tries doc coppaFeel
you don't know why someone else boy I
really like the animated intro on the
Greek mythos to other halves you know it
brings about a mirror motif that we see
throughout the entire film Ali even
lives in the Attic while Paul lives in
the basement they try to meet in the
middle like we do create our own health
because of our inability to figure out
how to connect with each other we see
that in the play that keeps getting
passed around throughout the movie which
pretty much claims that hell is other
people
amen and it goes with Wu statement that
we tend to cry more about breakups with
people that we've known for Leo probably
weeks maybe months and not broken
friendships a difference between a good
painting got a great painting it's
typically five strokes and they are
usually the five boldest strokes in the
painting I read a lot of publications
that come from adults that are upset
that teens didn't go full like blue is
the warmest color but I personally
appreciate the maturity to tackle stuff
like religion and raise you know the way
they flip the ending because it actually
focused on real intimacy you're not what
uh Studios deem as intimate Yasir boy
fooling around with to us into le
doesn't believe in the church but the
church believes in her here's favorite
even he can't handle mediocre
accompanists even if they are saved and
I really do believe that you know
fellowshipping is important it creates
community like it's done here but I
having been to enough churches growing
up I also understand that congregation
mentality tends to ignore anyone that
doesn't fit within the congregation
mentality so really everyone who's
different just gets cast on the side
they don't realize that just because a
verse applies to you doesn't make it
Universal love isn't patient and kind
and humble love is
what is messy girl really said 1
Corinthians I really appreciated the
small-town perspective from the small
minority within it and something that
the upcoming 824 masterpiece me knotty
covers and both do it in a way that
doesn't condemn usually movies are so
overbearing when pitting you know like
two opposites but this movie embraces
both who isn't just speaking to the
alleys out there with this movie she
wants the rest of the small town to
listen to the characters aren't blurting
out labels because these are people
dealing with their personal thoughts not
a hashtag move it actually makes it feel
like real people because I wanted fresh
faces right for a film like this I think
it does make a difference if you believe
these characters exist but the chemistry
they have also built up both first as
the characters and then that now bled
into them as like just friends and
people because sometimes you'll see this
like teen stars and like that if the
pretty boy shows up you like that guy
does not need help trying to get that
girl right that said I read an AP
article that talked about how Woo's
previous saving face was the last
Hollywood film featuring a
chinese-american cast or crazy rich
Asians legit thought they were lying so
I had to look it up brah the jump goes
93 2017 like I love Google but that's an
indie honestly I should be adding five
years because of the buffoonery goes to
the shop calling child the place of dad
I mean here's the other thing not only
is it PhD and he's also well-spoken and
he understood See's watches like you
know wings of desire but also he's super
handsome
initially the concentrator sent me like
initially send me a listen literally
it'd be all these people who looked a
little bit like mr. Miyagi
I'd be like now as a Mexican cartoon I
don't really have too much experience as
a young Asian American female but this
video I caught by Christina on YouTube I
think explains the perspective much
better like it really showcases what the
movie does well cuz well oh it's false
Chinese friend I didn't hear you come in
the last scene between pawn to dad I
think it's beautiful just just in terms
of their viewpoints and how its hindered
them from fully seeing their loved ones
potential and realizing how it's not up
to them to decide other people's paths
I have been writing your papers for the
last four years
if you'll forgive me I'm just gonna
rewrite you one last time in the end
obviously everything gets revealed as
they all congregate for an impromptu
proposal for high schoolers but Ellie
after spending the entire movie quote
and others finally comes up with her own
with the emphasis not being on the
happily ever after that every movie
focuses on when it comes to
relationships and instead focuses on the
relationship because this really is a
polished stroke you can make but is this
the same streaming service that gave us
these throughout the movie it shot to
highlight Ellie's viewpoints and out
she's a French Montana of her own movie
it's like literally all her duties in
front of her on her face she clearly
doesn't think she's the main character
in the story and it isn't until the end
when she finally takes control of her
story that we get to see your face to
face and realize that an ending doesn't
have to mean things are over but that
it's the start of a new beginning that's
said it is called the half of it so give
the people what they want thank you guys
for checking out this video and I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I do have a bit
more to say you know I don't know if
y'all want to stick around if y'all busy
you're welcome to leave but if you'd
like to stay I have some other stuff
like I really just like the little
things in this movie the titles you know
the very nice cuts I love how they work
in technology because there's so many
Netflix movies that you've heard me
complain about or shows where they want
to deal with the anxiety of the digital
age and then just don't deal with the
digital part of it when it's not
convenient but I like this movie because
I really see was a real one like she was
talking about in an interview she had
Easter eggs for a saving face just
throughout the movie but doesn't blurt
it out at all
and legit when you think about the fact
that to all the boys is encouraging more
actresses than the stuff that's in
theaters yeah that's when you realize
you guys have a problem but it's good to
see that there was less changes that
were made here on top of that I really
like this excerpt here where she was
talking about how they they wanted her
to change the ending to saving face and
I love how she stuck with it and how she
says that history has proven her right
like I remember when I started this
YouTube thing and people just thought it
was a joke now now here watching movies
for a living but the movies that she's
making like to go out there and make a
project and you actually have to pitch
it to all these other people they don't
believe in you and then like my
life proved it to be right I don't know
I just find that so fascinating I think
it's dope I want to see the sequel where
he goes all ratatouille because of the
critics that come to like no no use
sausages but it's interesting to see
that half of it the half of it what are
the friends we made along the way really
if you look at it but I really like the
movie I think it's a very cute one I
think most people are just gonna think
that it's too cute for its own good and
ignore it but again give it a couple of
years and then you're gonna notice that
a lot of movies it this movie feels more
cliche than it is like it feels like
it's already been out there to a degree
but I see a lot of movies within the
next coming years being referred to back
as oh that reminds the other half of it
it's my thoughts I guess history will
see but I'm curious to know your
thoughts let me know down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and don't be afraid
to make bold strokes